Next up we've got quite a few other useful methods I'd like to cover.
We won't do it all in one video I promise.
Some of them are really quick as well so we'll begin with can cat which if we go to the docks and take
a look at can cat it's used to merge more than one to write two or more arrays.
You can combine them into a new array.
So here's how it works.
We have a ray one and a ray two.
We can call a ray one dot can cat a ray too and it creates a new array with both of them.
And it does not update or mutate the original array.
Neither one nor two.
It instead creates a new copy or a new version.
So let's go with a fruit's array and it will just have apple and banana.
Just keep it short and then a veggies array and that will have asparagus.
And it's another good veggie I guess potatoes not a veggie unfortunately.
How about How about Brussels sprouts.
OK.
If we can keep them together we could either do fruits dot can cat veggies and save that to a new variable
or just let's just cancel that log it and you'll see what we get.
Refresh my page.
We end up with apple and banana first and then asparagus and brussel sprouts.
So the order matters.
And if I instead did it the other way around I did veggies doc can cat fruits we end up with this asparagus
then brussel sprouts.
So it just takes this array and shoves this after it into a new array.
But if we look at fruits or we look at veggies they are unchanged.
And if we go back to the docks if you remember early on I mentioned how you read this format here where
there's these array brackets for the square brackets inside one of these method syntax definitions where
you basically it tells you the pattern the template you can follow these mean something is optional.
So that means that we can pass in multiple we could can cat three or four or five arrays by passing
them in.
So we have fruits and veggies.
Let's do one more.
That's another category I guess meats.
I apologize for my vegan students are vegetarian students.
Let's go with steak and chicken breast something good enough we can can cat all three of them.
Let's make a variable called all foods equals and then it's up to us what order we want them to go in.
But let's just do fruits.
Dog can cat and then veggies comma meats and then let's take a look at all food and you can see what
we end up with a large array.
The three original arrays are unchanged.
We have just can cat needed.
We've put them together into a new array and that's kind of all there is to can cat.